So let's implement the tree class.
First, let's implement is leaf.
So the question is, when is it a leaf?
It's a leaf when the left child pointer
and a right child pointer are not pointing to a node.
In other words, they're both equal to no node.
So it is going to be returning something and something.
So notice here it's or and here it's and.
So if the children left,
is equal to no node,
and if the children right,
is equal to no node, then it's a leaf.
Now, let's implement grabbing the right child.
So it's very similar to getting the left child, self.children_ right.
Great. Now, let's implement the proportion of samples in the left child.
We can use the unknown samples,
using weighted unknown samples also works as well just be consistent.
So we'll just take self.n_node_samples of something,
and we'll fill this in in a bit,
divided by self.n_node_samples of something else.
Okay. So the denominator is going to be node i,
and the numerator is going to be the left child of node i.
So we can reuse this function, left child,
self.left_child and passing node i.
So this is grabbing the left child value for the numerator.
Similarly, we'll do this for the right child,
n_node_samples divided by self.n_node_samples.
Okay. The numerator is going to take in the right child of node i,
whereas the denominator will be node i.
Great. So now we've implemented the class tree.
We can run that and create an instance of that tree called tree wrap.
Awesome. Please continue on with the lesson.